hi mom
hi Timmy where's Lassie she's outside Oh
get her
mom can Lasky and I go out and play I
don't think that's a good idea Timmy
this just isn't a safe neighborhood
don't worry mom lassie will protect me
after all there's no breed of dog that's
smarter more loyal or more protective
than a pit bull yeah oh you wouldn't
last year to play indoors and I won't
hear another word about it young man mom
I think she's trying to tell us
something there's danger from dad that
father laughs you think there would be
some danger in the reunification of
Germany I understand your concerns at
the political climate today is much
different than it was 50 years ago
maybe we should stop lining lassies dog
bed with US News and World Report
it's wrong somebody lost an arm it's a
good thing you found it Lassie give us a
reward I'll just put it over here with
the other arms Tim listen boom
I think lassies trying to tell us
something else what's that girl oh the
letter Oh Timmy it's an eviction notice
they're trying to throw us out of our
home for harboring a dangerous animal
now what animal could they be referring
to that's it mom
that's what lassie was trying to tell us
not father land landlord see we were in
danger and lassie was helping us come
here girl
let me give you a big hug